Does this need anything a fresh Windows does not already have?

The question behind it: on a PC with nothing installed, will the lightbar work?
The literal combination -- a clean OS with a controller attached -- cannot be
tested here, because Windows Sandbox passes through no USB or HID at all
(measured: 0 HID devices, 0 Sony devices, 0 USB bindings, 0 Bluetooth, against
the host's 4 Sony devices and 72 USB bindings). So the two things that
combination depends on were measured separately instead.

1. THE CONTROLLER'S DRIVERS ARE ALL MICROSOFT INBOX

   Every driver backing the DualSense on this machine, over both transports:

     Bluetooth HID Device            inf=hidbth.inf   provider=Microsoft  service=HidBth
     Device Identification Service   inf=bth.inf      provider=Microsoft
     USB Composite Device            inf=usb.inf      provider=Microsoft  service=usbccgp
     HID-compliant game controller   inf=input.inf    provider=Microsoft
     USB Input Device                inf=input.inf    provider=Microsoft  service=HidUsb
     DualSense Wireless Controller   inf=wdma_usb.inf provider=Microsoft  service=usbaudio

   Not one third-party driver. These INFs ship in every Windows install, so
   plugging a DualSense into a fresh machine binds exactly these with nothing
   to download. This is also why removing pydualsense and hidapi mattered:
   the app now talks to the same inbox stack through ctypes.

2. THE EXE LOADS NOTHING FROM OUTSIDE ITSELF

   Every DLL in the running process:

     total DLLs loaded   90
     from Windows itself 75
     from its own bundle 13
     from anywhere else   2

   The two "elsewhere" entries are the EXE's own image and
   MpOav.dll, which Windows Defender injects into every process on the system.
   Neither is a dependency of this app.

3. WHAT WAS TESTED DIRECTLY

   Clean Windows 11, no Python present, networking off (Windows Sandbox):
       preview backend : OpenGL          -- app runs, 3D renders
   Real controller, Python/conda/WindowsApps stripped from PATH, fresh AppData:
       controller connected: DualSense Wireless Controller over usb
   The one-liner install on a clean Windows:
       file count : 1     total size : 10.56 MB
       python after : still not installed

WHAT REMAINS UNPROVEN

   A clean OS with a controller physically attached, in one run. Blocked by
   Sandbox having no USB stack. Closing it needs a second machine or a fresh
   Windows user account. The evidence above says the risk is small -- there is
   no component involved that a fresh Windows lacks -- but it is an inference
   from two measurements, not a third measurement.
